[Music]
Harry Potter awakens from a nightmare
we're in Frank Bryce is killed after
overhearing Lord Voldemort conspiring
with Peter Pettigrew and another man
Harry attends the Quidditch World Cup
between Ireland and Bulgaria with Ron
Weasley and his family after the game
Death Eaters terrorized the camp and the
man who appeared in Harry's dream
summons the dark mark which is the mark
of Voldemort and Death Eaters at
Hogwarts Albus Dumbledore introduces
Alastor mad-eye moody as the new Defense
Against the Dark Arts teacher an ex
Aurora Aurora's are employed by the
ministry to pursue dark wizards he also
announces that the school will host the
legendary event known as the Triwizard
Tournament in which three magical
schools compete by facing three
dangerous challenges the Goblet of Fire
selects champions to take part in the
competition Cedric Diggory of Hufflepuff
representing Hogwarts Viktor Krum
representing the durmstrang Institute
from Central Europe and Florida liqueur
representing Bhutan Academy of magic
from France the Goblet unexpectedly
chooses a fourth champion Harry Potter
Dumbledore cannot pull the underage
harry out of the tournament as ministry
official Barty Crouch senior insists
that after being selected the champions
are bound by a contract for the first
task each champion must retrieve a
golden egg guarded by a dragon
Harry succeeds in retrieving the egg
which contains information about the
second challenge shortly after another
event known as the Yule Ball a formal
dance takes place
Harry's crush Cho Chang attends with
Cedric and Hermione Granger attends with
Victor making Ron jealous during the
second task the champions must dive
under water to rescue their mates Harry
comes out in third place but his placed
second behind Cedric due to his moral
fiber after saving fleurs sister
Gabrielle as well as Ron afterwards
Harry discovers the corpse of Barty
Crouch senior in the forest later while
waiting for Dumbledore in his office
Harry discovers a pensive which holds
Dumbledore's memories Harry witnesses a
trial in which Igor Karkaroff durmstrang
Institute's headmaster confesses to the
Ministry of Magic names of other Death
Eaters after Voldemort's defeat when he
named Severus Snape as one Dumbledore
vouches for Snape's innocence Snape
became a spy against Voldemort before
Voldemort's downfall as Karkaroff named
Barty Crouch jr.
a devastated Barty Crouch senior
and prisons his son in Azkaban exiting
the pensive Harry realizes the man he
saw in his dream is Barty Crouch jr. for
the final task the champions enter a
hedge maze and must reach the Triwizard
Cup victor under the influence of the
Imperius curse incapacitates floor after
Harry save Cedric when the maze attacks
him the to claim a draw and together
grab the Cup which turns out to be a
portkey and transports them to a
graveyard where Pettigrew and Voldemort
are waiting Pettigrew kills Cedric with
the killing curse and performs a ritual
that rejuvenates Voldemort who then
summons the Death Eaters Voldemort
releases Harry in order to beat him in a
duel to prove he is the better wizard
unable to defend himself Harry tries the
expel er miss charm at the same moment
the valta Mort attempts to kill e curse
the beams from their wands in twine and
voldemort's wand discourages the last
spells of performed the spirits of the
people he murdered materialized in the
graveyard including Harry's parents and
Cedric Baltimore and his Death Eaters
are distracted allowing Harry to escape
a Cedric's body by grabbing the port key
Harry tells Dumbledore that Voldemort
returned and killed Cedric moody takes
Harry back to his office to interrogate
him about Lord Voldemort inadvertently
blowing his cover when he asks Harry
whether there were others in the
graveyard though Harry never mentioned
in graveyard moody reveals that he
submitted Harry's name to the Goblet of
Fire and manipulated Harry throughout
the tournament to ensure he would win
moody attempts to attack Harry but
Dumbledore Snape and Minerva McGonagall
intervene and subdue him the teachers
forced moody to drink Veritaserum a
truth-telling potion and he reveals that
the real moody is imprisoned in a
magical trunk the false Moody's
Polyjuice potion wears off revealing him
as Barty Crouch jr. Crouch jr. is
returned to Azkaban Dumbledore reveals
to the students that Voldemort killed
Cedric
although the Ministry of Magic opposes
the revelation later Dumbledore visits
Harry in his dormitory apologizing to
him for the dangers he endured Harry
reveals that he saw his parents in the
graveyard
soon after all three schools bid
farewell to each other
[Music]